one of the pitfalls of my line of work
is that people love hearing about red
flags and so anytime you title something
with red flags in it people want to
watch that problem with that is that
people get addicted to looking for red
flags I was going to ask do you think
that they're worried they're seeing them
are they looking for a justification to
get out like why is red flags so popular
I think that it speaks to some part of
us that a is playing detective with
what's going to go wrong but it also
there's something cathartic about it for
situations that have already happened
for us if I know someone did a lot of
damage to me there's something about a
red flags video that is appealing just
from a retrospective point of view see
there was that thing and if I'd have
seen that you know I I now know that was
a giant red flag and you know I get to
voice that thing but the danger of
course of becoming obsessed with looking
for red flags is that you will find them
in everything